I have to come up with some way of having people be able to create rooms that they can share with their friends. So now instead of logging in first, the user will be prompted to eitehr join an existing room, or create a room.

If they decide to join a room, there can be public or private rooms.
	Public rooms anyone can join
	Private rooms will require a password to enter

Each room will be listening to my changes to the correct answer collection, and updating everything else from there.

Room creation needs to be taken care of in such a way that all other rooms don't know about each other, and they don't share each other's information.  Once this step's taken care of, we should be pretty much finished with the backend side of things, and can settle down and take care of the design


The first time coming to the site.

	1. There will be a login screen.
	2. Users will login using facebook (because I want to use profile pictures)
	3. After logging in, a room choosing screen will be shown
		a. Create a room
			I. Click the create a room button, and you'll be presented with a form to create a room
				i. enter room name
				ii. enter room password
			II. Then it's up to the creater of the room to tell their friends about it
		b. Join a room
			I. Select room to join
			II. Enter room password
	4. After choosing or creating a room, then
		a. If you have already made all your picks
			I. If it's before the oscars start, you will be shown the change picks button
			II. If it's after the oscars start, you'll be shown the leaderboard for your room
		b. If you haven't made your picks
			I. If it's before the oscars start, you'll be able to make your picks
			II. If it's after the oscars start, you'll be notified that the oscars have already started, and then routed to the leaderboard page
	5. Leaderboard
		a. This page will show the leader of the room you are currently in


Collections

	1. Rooms
		a. Each room will have a list of users subscribed to it, a unique id, a room creator,
		b. Room{ id : 1, users : {1, 2, 444}, creator: 444}
	2. Users
		a. The user will have a unique id, facebook information, password, the rooms they are subscribed to, and their picks
		b. User{ id : 1, password : 'password', rooms : {1, 333, 4522}, picks : {'bestPicture': 'Her', 'director': 'Alfonso Cuaron'}}
	3. Winners
		a. Have a list of all the nominees, and then I'll add in the correct answers to each one so each nominee should look like this
		b. bestPicture: '12 Years A Slave'
	4. Each nominee
		a. name - string
		b. img - string
		c. trailer - string